README.md, before:

# STaRT
This is a readme file for STaRT (Simple Triage and Rapid Treatment) application - Created on 10/28/2022

## Project Title: STaRT 
The title of our project represents the initials of Simple Triage and Rapid Treatment which is a triage method developed in 1983 and used by first responders to quickly classify victims during a mass casualty incident (MCI) based on the severity of their injury,medical need and likely response to treatment.

## STaRT Project Description
### What does STaRT do?
This application can be used by volunteers or certified professionals as a mobile community-wide application during emergency situations or natural/man-made disasters to evaluate hazards and disseminate information. This information are related to: Damage Assessment, Personnel Resources Sign-In, Incident/Assignment Tracking Log, Briefing Assignment, Victim Treatment Area Record, Communications Log, etc. 
### What technology will be used?
We decided to use Python, an open-source tool, to develop this application since Python is one of the best, if not the best, language for app development as cited by (https://www.apptunix.com/blog/why-python-is-the-best-language-for-app-development/) since it has the following features:
1. comprehensive libraries to enable the development of dynamic android applications
2. compatibility with iOS 
3. easy-to-read and understand code: Python speeds up the development process since it uses English keywords instead of punctuations
4. vast community support
5. supports big data: this might seem trivial for now, but our intention is to make this application publicly available (potentially for a nominal fee) as the 'de facto' tool for reporting in any type of disaster recovery not only in the USA, but globally

### Challenges to developing this application
We looked online (GitHub) and searched for an application of similar use and came across one called pSTaRT developed by Kurt Hoblinger in 2021, it is an iOS app that is limited in scope and does not have the features we are planning to introduce. The link to that app is: (https://github.com/nitricware/pSTaRT.gitthe). We are planning on using some of the features in this application to help develop our own, except that it is developed in 'swift.' We will attempt to use Code2Code Translator to convert the code from 'swift' to Python.

## How to install STaRT?
Our intention is to make STaRT a mobile application that can be easily downloadable from AppStore or Google Play Store. As an interim, this applicatioin can be made available via the web link provided by the developers.

## How to use STaRT?
As eluded to earlier, the official documentation related to any disaster recovery effort are manually done using standard forms provided by FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) in 1994. Since then, and with the events of 9/11, these forms have been revised to accommodate major disasters recovery effort. The users should be quite familiar with the forms used, the information needed to fill out the form, the training documentation which will be provided separately once the project is complete will provided as user guides on the navigation of the application.

## Intellectual Property
It is the desire of the architects/developers of this application to make it available to government agencies across the world on a renewal fee based method. As such, all the literature contained in this respository cannot be duplicated, replicated, reverse-engineer without prior approval of the owners of this application. 
Created Markdown file from MS Word utilizing Aspose file converter which can be found here: https://products.aspose.com/words/python-net/conversion/word-to-markdown/ Each team member will provide input to the Product Roadmap for sprint 1, 2, and 3.  
Added file for Suhail-25 / Machine Learning Triage Project Python Code to the Github page (File is in python format).
Added the following artifacts:
1. Project Workflow
2. LICENSE
3. Leveraging Technology in Disasters
Added planning file for User Acceptance Testing planning, expectations and outcomes in the main branch
Added an excel User Acceptance Testing file for testing functions in the application in the MOT1 branch.  Once this file (version) has been completed it will be moved to the main branch.

Commit message:

New artifacts added for sprint 2
New artifacts were added in Sprint 2. Those were identified in the Intellectual Property section.

README.md, after:

# STaRT
This is a readme file for STaRT (Simple Triage and Rapid Treatment) application - Created on 10/28/2022

## Project Title: STaRT 
The title of our project represents the initials of Simple Triage and Rapid Treatment which is a triage method developed in 1983 and used by first responders to quickly classify victims during a mass casualty incident (MCI) based on the severity of their injury,medical need and likely response to treatment.

## STaRT Project Description
### What does STaRT do?
This application can be used by volunteers or certified professionals as a mobile community-wide application during emergency situations or natural/man-made disasters to evaluate hazards and disseminate information. This information are related to: Damage Assessment, Personnel Resources Sign-In, Incident/Assignment Tracking Log, Briefing Assignment, Victim Treatment Area Record, Communications Log, etc. 
### What technology will be used?
We decided to use Python, an open-source tool, to develop this application since Python is one of the best, if not the best, language for app development as cited by (https://www.apptunix.com/blog/why-python-is-the-best-language-for-app-development/) since it has the following features:
1. comprehensive libraries to enable the development of dynamic android applications
2. compatibility with iOS 
3. easy-to-read and understand code: Python speeds up the development process since it uses English keywords instead of punctuations
4. vast community support
5. supports big data: this might seem trivial for now, but our intention is to make this application publicly available (potentially for a nominal fee) as the 'de facto' tool for reporting in any type of disaster recovery not only in the USA, but globally

### Challenges to developing this application
We looked online (GitHub) and searched for an application of similar use and came across one called pSTaRT developed by Kurt Hoblinger in 2021, it is an iOS app that is limited in scope and does not have the features we are planning to introduce. The link to that app is: (https://github.com/nitricware/pSTaRT.gitthe). We are planning on using some of the features in this application to help develop our own, except that it is developed in 'swift.' We will attempt to use Code2Code Translator to convert the code from 'swift' to Python.

## How to install STaRT?
Our intention is to make STaRT a mobile application that can be easily downloadable from AppStore or Google Play Store. As an interim, this applicatioin can be made available via the web link provided by the developers.

## How to use STaRT?
As eluded to earlier, the official documentation related to any disaster recovery effort are manually done using standard forms provided by FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) in 1994. Since then, and with the events of 9/11, these forms have been revised to accommodate major disasters recovery effort. The users should be quite familiar with the forms used, the information needed to fill out the form, the training documentation which will be provided separately once the project is complete will provided as user guides on the navigation of the application.

## Intellectual Property
It is the desire of the architects/developers of this application to make it available to government agencies across the world on a renewal fee based method. As such, all the literature contained in this respository cannot be duplicated, replicated, reverse-engineer without prior approval of the owners of this application. 
Created Markdown file from MS Word utilizing Aspose file converter which can be found here: https://products.aspose.com/words/python-net/conversion/word-to-markdown/ Each team member will provide input to the Product Roadmap for sprint 1, 2, and 3.  
Added file for Suhail-25 / Machine Learning Triage Project Python Code to the Github page (File is in python format).
Added the following artifacts:
1. Project Workflow
2. LICENSE
3. Leveraging Technology in Disasters
4. Added planning file for User Acceptance Testing planning, expectations and outcomes in the main branch
5. Added an excel User Acceptance Testing file for testing functions in the application in the MOT1 branch.  Once this file (version) has been completed it will be moved to the main branch. For Sprint 2, testing of the functionality added in Sprint 2 will be reflected in this document.
6. Added STaRT Technical Specs Document in branch MOT1, each contributor will make edits to this document and save with a new release number with Track ON. Then, all changes will be accepted, the document reviewed, and saved in Main directory.
7. Added shell of STaRT application rel1.py in branch MOD1. All contributors will edit the code in this file. The final version will be uploaded into Main.
