STaRT Roadmap.md, before:

# Product Roadmap

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/111323403/200144592-546201e1-ffcf-4f89-ae07-fd7fe5dbe6a7.png)

## Sprint 1 - Project Initiation and Setup

[X] Create repositories

[X] Create a README.md file

[X] Search GitHub for code repositories with compatible deliverable

[X] Create an Application Workflow

[X] Prepare document “Leveraging Technology in Disasters”

[X] Prepare a shell of the Python Program
  
## Sprint2 – Project Design and Development

[ ] Complete high-level tech specs design document

[ ] Develop database using MySQL 

[ ] Prepare User Acceptance Testing document:
[ ] Use cases for header 
[ ] Use cases for locations (types: generic, residential, commercial, park, …)
[ ] Use cases for CERT locations
[ ] Use cases for personnel identification
[ ]	Use cases for victim treatment (reflect step-by-step process, person conducting the step, date/time, location)
[ ]	Use cases for classification of treated people and classification as: minor, delayed, immediate, dead

[ ] Coding the application - release 1 (one application with multiple code branches):
[ ] Assigning code branches to coders (major owner, minor owner)
[ ] Start coding assigned code branches
[ ] Commit the code in repository

[ ] User Acceptance Testing:
[ ] Unit testing by owners of each code branch
[ ] Functional Testing performed by the entire team to ensure inter-related functionality
[ ] Document test results in the testing document 
[ ] Ensure that database tables are appropriately updated
  
## Sprint3 – Project PPT Splash screen 

[ ] Refining and testing final code.

[ ] Introduce our product and the market about the product.

[ ] Create PowerPoint slide.

[ ] Create a copy of powerpoint in the github repository.

## Final Presentation

[ ] Complete the slide deck

[ ] Run at least 2 dry-runs of the presentation

[ ] Present/video the PowerPoint presentation

Commit message:

Update Roadmap with changes/updates in Sprint 2
Moved database creation from Sprint 2 to Sprint 3. Code testing is done functional area using dictionaries.

STaRT Roadmap.md, after:

# Product Roadmap

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/111323403/200144592-546201e1-ffcf-4f89-ae07-fd7fe5dbe6a7.png)

## Sprint 1 - Project Initiation and Setup

[X] Create repositories

[X] Create a README.md file

[X] Search GitHub for code repositories with compatible deliverable

[X] Create an Application Workflow

[X] Prepare document “Leveraging Technology in Disasters”

[X] Prepare a shell of the Python Program
  
## Sprint2 – Project Design and Development

[X] Complete high-level tech specs design document

[ ] Develop database using MySQL (pushed to Sprint 3)

[X] Prepare User Acceptance Testing document:
[X] Use cases for adming login
[X] Use cases for main branch
[X] Use cases for Catastrophe identification
[ ] Use cases for locations (types: generic, residential, commercial, park, …)
[ ] Use cases for CERT locations
[ ] Use cases for personnel identification
[ ]	Use cases for victim treatment (reflect step-by-step process, person conducting the step, date/time, location)
[ ]	Use cases for classification of treated people and classification as: minor, delayed, immediate, dead

[X] Coding the application - release 1 (one application with multiple code branches):
[X] Assigning code branches to coders (major owner, minor owner)
[X] Start coding assigned code branches
[X] Commit the code in repository

[X] User Acceptance Testing:
[X] Unit testing by owners of each code branch
[ ] Functional Testing performed by the entire team to ensure inter-related functionality
[X] Document test results in the testing document 
[ ] Ensure that database tables are appropriately updated
  
## Sprint3 – Project PPT Splash screen 

[ ] Develop database using MySQL (moved forward from Sprint 2)

[ ] Refining and testing final code.

[ ] Introduce our product and the market about the product.

[ ] Create PowerPoint slide.

[ ] Create a copy of powerpoint in the github repository.

## Final Presentation

[ ] Complete the slide deck

[ ] Run at least 2 dry-runs of the presentation

[ ] Present/video the PowerPoint presentation
